obviously my lovely sister-in-law called
us out to do the ALS ice bucket
challenge obviously we accept as most of
you know our family is very touched by
ALS I lost my beautiful wife and the
boys their mother about two years ago I
continued from first night experience
with incredible not only do they provide
most of the funding for research to try
and find a cure but the help and support
that they give the people affected by
this fatal illness as well as their
family is absolutely mind-boggling I
wholeheartedly would would ask that you
help financially support the ALS
Association now obviously I'm gonna have
to call out some people and I'm going to
call out Alec Haiti Chris curve and mr.
Bob Garvin making the ice bucket
challenge
okay I'm gonna nominate all the parts
and service departments in the valley
including iers
Jared James and Sue help
get a bunch of people at church to do it
and donate also I was also called out by
Brandon Bagley as well as my ass I want
to call out Ryan and Mike Pyke yeah
April takers
okay guys